Page 19 of 27 
  
 
University Logo.   
 
College Logo.  APPENDIX - III 
 
Dissertation/Project report Submission: Format Guidelines  
 
Arrangement of Certificates and Text in Thesis  
1. Student’s Declaration & copy right  
2. Acknowledgments  
3. Abstract  
4. Contents  
5. List of Figures  
6. List of Tables  
7. Abbreviations (if any)  
8. Chapters  
(Project Report bound copy in Maroon  color)  
 
PREDICTION OF HOUSE PRICE USING 
MACHINE LEARNING (Topic name)  
(20 Times new roman)  
 
 
A Project Report  
(16 times new roman)  
 
Submitted in Partial Fulfillment of the Requirements for the  
Award of the Degree of  
 
Bachelor of Technology  (20 TNR)  
In 
Computer Science & Engineering (14 TNR)  
 
 
Submitted by  
Student Name  (14 TNR)  
Registration No. 12345 (12  TNR ) 
 
 
Under the supervision of  
 
                                                NAME OF THE SUPERVISOR  (12 TNR ) 
                Assistant Professor (10  TNR ) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Department of Computer Science & Engineering  (12 TNR ) 
Institute Name (14  TNR ) 
Bihar Engineering University, Patna  (16 TNR ) 
JUNE YYYY   
Page 20 of 27 
 DECLARATION AND COPYRIGHT TRASFER  
(to be signed by the candidate)  
 
 
I ………………………………………. Roll No. …… …. … Registration No. …………. a 
registered candidate for Undergraduate Programme (B.Tech/B.Arch) under department of 
…… …………………………………..<Name of Departm ent>of …………………………… 
………………………  <Name of Institute>, declare that this is my own original work and 
does not contain material for which the copyright belongs to a third party and that it has not 
been presented and will not be presented to any other University/ Institute for a similar or any 
other Degree award.  
 
 
I further  confirm that for all third -party copyright material in my thesis/ dissertation 
(including any electronic attachments) is “blanked out” third party material from the copies 
of the thesis/dissertation/book/articles etc; fully referenced the deleted materials and where 
possible, provided links ( URL ) to electronic sources of the material.  
 
 
I hereby transfer exclusive copyright for this thesis to <Name of Institute>. The following 
rights are reserved by the author:  
 
a) The right to use, free of charge, all or part of this article in future work of their own, 
such as books and lectures, giving reference to the original place of publication and 
copyright holding.  
b) The right to reproduce the article or thesis for their own purpose provided the copies 
are not offered for sale.  
 
 
 
Signature of the candidate: …………………………………….  
Date: ………………………….  
 
 
 
COPYRIGHT NOTICE  
 
 
COPYRIGHT © [YYYY] by <Name of Institute>. All rights reserved.  
 
No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by 
any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, 
without the prior written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in 
critical scholarly reviews and certain other non -commercial uses with an 
acknowledgment/reference permitted by the copyright law.  
 
 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 27 
 Project Report Presentation Information  
 
1. Contents of the Dissertation  
Title, Certification, Declaration and copyright, Acknowledgment, Abstract, Table of 
Content, List of Figures, List of Tables, Abbreviations.  
CHAPTER 1  Introduction  
CHAPTER 2  Background & Literature Review  
CHAPTER 3  Problem Definition  
CHAPTER 4  Proposed Solution  
CHAPTER 5  Discussion of Results  
CHAPTER 6  Conclusion and Future Work  
REFERENCE  Use strictly the following reference writing method. 
(Standard Format Like IEEE)  
 
APPENDICES  Summary data, intermediate results and other important 
information may be put under Appendices.  
 
Font and Spacing  
Title:  Bold, Arial, 14 size and Centered  
Subtitles:  Bold, Arial, 12 size and left justified  
Spacing:  Spacing between text lines: 1.5, Arial, 12 sizes,  
Leave one space between paragraphs, subtitle and the text or between 
Title and sub title.  
 
2. Paper Margins  
Left margin   : 4.0 cm  
Right margin  : 2.5 cm  
Top margin   : 4.0 cm  
Bottom margin  : 2.5 cm  
 
3. Printing  
The entire thesis shall be printed on both side of the paper.  
4. Thesis submission  
- Hard bound copy of dissertation (for Supervisor(s), concerned 
department office, Student(s)) after incorporating modifications/ suggestions 
of the examiner.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
